number seven
pull my line under center quarterback
sneak right guard touchdown
wide receivers to the nearside here's
the pitch to the left and Hubert tries
to get to the corner touchdown touchdown
John Huber dad's k-state offense right
there in the wad John human run into
comic line taking hits play fake rolling
to the left side lines up and throws has
his man blocking at the 15 yard line and
he goes out of bounds right there
second down Wildcats from the three
here's the pitch to Hubert he's to the
goal line he is in touchdown Kansas
State
play fake ones to throw shoots it down
the middle has locking farside 20 15 10
5 touchdown
and emotion sack Nemechek here's the
quick toss this is Hubert walks in
touchdown
Wildcats Kansas State has scored again
and let's drive the football with eight
straight run
mine gets the snap thanks to these runs
right he's at the five he's and again
another rushing touchdown
that is going to do it your Kansas State
Wildcats are the big 12 champions Kansas
State Cup ends the Longhorns tonight
4224 daily Lebanon one of the champions
and headed to the Fiesta Bowl what a
site here at Bill Snyder family Stadium
this week
you as fans the best fans in the country
last time we went we had 50,000 people
see you there again thank you very very
much
you